
                                                        Charles Pink                    

 

                          68 Guysborough Ave Dartmouth, • NS B2W 1S7 • E-Mail: ccpink911@gmail.com 

 

                                                        Programmer                                                                                                                                     

                                                          Summary 

I'm applying for the job of programmer I believe I will be a great fit for the organization because I’m able to effectively 
communicate due to being active within organizations and volunteering. I have had meetings in the past with Ali a member of your 
organization who has recommended me.   I have the experience, knowledge and passion to meet the requirements of this intriguing post. 

 

                                                                                                                                                                 

                                                           Skills 

• I can design interfaces.                                   • I can use multiple programming languages. 

• I can design prototypes of electronic devices.             • I can effectively trouble shoot errors in code. 

• I can trouble shoot design issues with products.           • I can design interfaces for programs. 

                                                                                                                                                                

     Work Experience 

     I worked as a tech assistant for BlogJam on October 2019, 19th  to October 2019, 20th  BlogJam Dartmouth, 
     NS I made sure their software was running effectively and people knew how to use it ahead of time before their presentation, 
     I was told by the co-heads of the organization I was more effective than previous years volunteers and that 
     I had done an amazing job during the event. I was effectively able to save them 500.00$ in being easily available and 
     quick to pick up information.  

 

                                                                                                                                                                 

NSCC institute of Technoology                                                                                                      2021  

Information Technology Programming 

 


 

I believe I'm the most qualified person for this job be
